# CloneRepoWebProgramming
Johnny Tejada
Web Programming 

My name is Johnny Tejada. I am a senior at SUNY New Paltz, majoring in computer science. Over the past three years, I’ve taken a few courses that I believe will help me be successful in Web Programming. One major course was Software Engineering. In this course, I developed a point-of-sale system for a supermarket, with the help of a team. I was given the responsibility of designing, developing and maintaining the database. In doing so, I learned how to code in MySQL and PHP. For this project, we were not able to use API’s like Vue or React. Thus, I had to teach myself the backend code through w3schools and YouTube videos. I learned how to insert, update and delete data in our database, using PHP. Additionally, this course introduced me to GitHub. After this course, I took the time to develop my own point of sale system as practice. Although I did not complete it, I took this time to focus on Html and CSS, since my other colleagues were mostly responsible for that, during the software engineering project. Also, I’ve practiced by creating similar website formats like Facebook and Instagram. My own projects have helped me strengthen with bootstrap and Laravel. In addition to software engineering, I took a course called Database Design. This course taught me, in depth, the history of database design, it’s purpose and how it’s developed.  
From this Web Programming course, I am hoping to gain concrete knowledge in website/app design specifically using Vue and React. I’m aware that web programming is one of the major skills that jobs desire for recent graduates. Thus, my goal is to be ready and have confidence when applying to internships/jobs after learning and practicing from this course. In the past, I’ve mostly done backend code. It’s time now to practice being a Full Stack Developer. I enjoy seeing an application/website come to life. Seeing the success of an application, satisfies the amount of time and work that was put into it. One thing I struggle with, when coding, is debugging. When I’m given the task to debug a program which I did not code, it is difficult for me to know where to begin. I want to strengthen this skill, and I hope web programming can help me do so. 